Update issue templates (#2)
solarmonitor/solarmonitor2: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/data-problem.md

---
name: Data problem
about: Bad, missing, corrupt or other data issues
title: ''
labels: data
assignees: ''

---

** Describe the issue with the data **

> Is the missing data, bad or corrupted for something else?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What did you expect to see?
What did you actually see?
Is the missing data, bad, corrupted or something else?
```

**Additional context**

> Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add any other context or screenshots about the missing data here.
```
